# Silicon Labs Contributor License Agreement

By accepting this Contributor License Agreement, You understand and agree that project(s) and Contribution(s) are public and that a record of any contribution (including any personal information submitted such as full name and email address) will be maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with this project.
To clarify the intellectual property license granted with a Contribution from any person or entity, Silicon Laboratories Inc. ("Silicon Labs") requires acceptance of this Contributor License Agreement ("CLA") thereby indicating agreement to the license terms below. This license is for Your protection as a Contributor as well as the protection of Silicon Labs and users. This CLA can be executed by an individual or a corporate entity to authorize Contribution(s) to Silicon Labs Unify Software Development Kit (SDK) (the “Project”).
You accept and agree to the following terms and conditions for any Contribution submitted to Silicon Labs. Except for the license granted herein to Silicon Labs and recipients of software distributed by Silicon Labs, You reserve all right, title, and interest in and to Your Contribution(s).

1.	**Definitions**. "You" (or "Your") shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity authorized by the copyright owner that is entering into this CLA with Silicon Labs. For legal entities, the entity making a Contribution and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity are considered to be a single Contributor. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity. "Contribution" shall mean any original work of authorship, including any modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally submitted by You to Silicon Labs for inclusion in, or documentation of, any part of the Project. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to Silicon Labs or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, Silicon Labs for the purpose of discussing and improving the Project, but excluding a communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by You as "Not a Contribution."  Notwithstanding anything else in this definition, any pull request (PR) submitted by You will be a “Contribution.”

2. **Grant of Copyright License**. Subject to the terms and conditions of this CLA, You hereby grant to Silicon Labs and to recipients of software distributed by Silicon Labs a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute Your Contribution(s) and such derivative works.

3.	**Grant of Patent License**. Subject to the terms and conditions of this CLA, You hereby grant to Silicon Labs and to recipients of software distributed by Silicon Labs a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Project or the Contribution, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by You that are necessarily infringed by Your Contribution(s) alone or by combination of Your Contribution(s) with the Project to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If any entity institutes patent litigation against You or any other entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that Your Contribution, or the Project to which You have contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that entity under this CLA for that Contribution or Project shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

4.	**Individual Contributors**. You represent that You are legally entitled to grant the above license. If Your employer has rights to intellectual property that You create that includes Your Contribution(s), You represent that You have received permission to make such Contribution(s) on behalf of that employer, that Your employer has waived such rights for such Contribution(s) to Silicon Labs, or that Your employer has executed this or a separate CLA with Silicon Labs.

5.	**Corporate Contributors**. If a corporation or other business entity executes this CLA, employee(s) or contractor(s) authorized to make Contribution(s) should be identified by You as part of Your Contribution.  Employee(s) or contractor(s) submitting one or more PR(s) will be treated as authorized to make Contribution(s).

6.	**Original Works**.  You represent that each of Your Contribution(s) is Your original creation (see section 8 for submissions on behalf of others). You also represent that Your Contribution submissions include complete details of any third-party license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents and trademarks) of which You are personally aware and which are associated with any part of Your Contribution(s).

7.	**Support**.  You are not expected to provide support to others for Your Contribution(s), except to the extent You desire to provide support. You may provide support to others for free, for a fee, or not at all. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, You provide Your Contribution(s) on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

8.	**Third Party Submissions**.  Should You wish to submit work that is not Your original creation, You must submit it to Silicon Labs separately from any Contribution, identifying the complete details of its source and of any license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents, trademarks, and license agreements) of which You are personally aware, and conspicuously marking the work as "Submitted on behalf of a third-party: [named here]".

9.	**No Obligation to Accept**.  Silicon Labs is not obligated to accept Your Contribution to the Project.  Although Silicon Labs will review Your Contribution, neither accepting nor rejecting Your Contribution implies any form of endorsement, approval or comment on Your Contribution.

10.	**Term**.  This CLA shall come into effect upon Your acceptance below and shall apply to all Contribution(s) to Silicon Labs.

11.	**Updates**.  You agree to notify Silicon Labs of any facts or circumstances of which You become aware that would make these representations inaccurate in any respect.

12.	**Governing Law**.  The CLA is governed by the laws and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, excluding its conflicts of laws provisions.  Any legal action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this CLA shall be exclusively subject to the laws venue of the courts located in Travis County, Texas.

13.	**Entire Agreement**.  This CLA constitutes the entire agreement between You and Silicon Labs regarding Your Contributions to the Project and supersedes any prior agreements, understandings or representations, whether oral or written.
